Clarified roles versus permissions usage (#3889)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/device-integration/lpwan-custom-codec-bundle/using-the-lpwan-custom-codec-library.md

        }
        ```

> 4. Add the following permissions as `requiredRoles` in the microservice manifest file `cumulocity.json`:

Reviewer: while this works and is much more correct, it still sounds odd. 
An alternative to avoid it could be:

```suggestion
4. Add the following permissions in the microservice manifest file `cumulocity.json`:
```
then after the JSON code, maybe a Note: 
While the field in the manifest is named requiredRoles, you are adding the list of specific permission strings required.

> 4. Add the following permissions as `requiredRoles` in the microservice manifest file `cumulocity.json`:

Author: ```suggestion
4. Add the following permissions in the microservice manifest file `cumulocity.json`. Note that the respective field in the manifest is called `requiredRoles`, but what you actually add is a list of required permissions strings.
```
